My website is about Egypt. Click the links in the menu above to explore!

Visit the Egypt Tourism website 



My favourite places to see in Egypt

There are lots of places to go and see in Ireland. Here is a small selection!

The Pyraminds
The Giza pyramid complex (Arabic: مجمع أهرامات الجيزة), also called the Giza necropolis, is the site on the Giza Plateau in Greater Cairo, Egypt that includes the Great Pyramid of Giza, the Pyramid of Khafre, and the Pyramid of Menkaure, along with their associated pyramid complexes and the Great Sphinx of Giza.

Khan El Khalili
Khan el-Khalili (Arabic: خان الخليلي) is a famous bazaar and souq (or souk) in the historic center of Cairo, Egypt. Established as a center of trade in the Mamluk era and named for one of its several historic caravanserais,



Egyptian Artists
These are just a few famous tracks by egyption people over the years

Artist	Song	Year
Umm Kulthum	El Atlal	1966
Abdel Halim Hafez	Ahwak	1953



Food In Egypt
These are some of my favourite Egyptian foods!

Kushari
Carb overload coming right at you! Come lunch time in Cairo you’ll see a stack of locals lined up at every kushari shop around, waiting for a hearty portion of one of Egypt’s favourite street foods. This filling meal is made up of rice, macaroni and lentils, topped with tomato sauce, garlic vinegar and garnished with chickpeas and fried onions. It’s a perfect meal that is substantial, nutrient-packed and cheap. Exactly what the Egyptians were after!


Fol wa Tameta
Ta’meya and ful mudammas, which are essentially fava beans and falafel are the original Egyptian fast-foods. They’re a staple of the Egyptian diet, mainly because they’re filling and use ingredients that are easily accessible in the country. The ful is made of fava beans that are cooked for hours in a pot called a qedra. The ta-meya, which is an Egyptian falafel, is made out of crushed fava beans that is later made into a paste, then fried. Nowadays you can find falafels all over the Middle East however, Egypt is the actual origin of those delightful fried treats. A perfect dish for all you vegos!



